KEYCLOAK-16616 authenticationSessions map in RootAuthenticationSessio… (#1190)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_admin/topics/threat/auth-sessions-limit.adoc

=== Limit Authentication Sessions

> {project_name} creates an authentication session for each authentication request within a realm. This session is internally represented by `RootAuthenticationSession`. Each `RootAuthenticationSession` can have multiple authentication sessions for a given client. In a browser authentication flow the browser session translates to `RootAuthenticationSession` while browser's tabs translate to a collection of authentication sessions within the `RootAuthenticationSession`.  

Reviewer: Add a comma before "the browser session"
Remove the 's after browser

> NOTE: This section describes deployments that use the infinispan provider for authentication sessions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: This section describes deployments that use the `{jdgserver_name}` provider for authentication sessions.
```

> Higher memory usage and a network overload in a cluster may occur for deployments where there's many active `RootAuthenticationSession` with a lot of authentication sessions.

Reviewer: change "there's" to "there are"

> There's a possibility to mitigate the aforementioned threats. The maximum allowed number of `RootAuthenticationSession` should be addressed by limiting the request rate per time on the proxy or load balancer in front of {project_name}. Maximum number of authentication sessions per `RootAuthenticationSession` can be configured in `authenticationSessions` SPI by setting property `authSessionsLimit`. The default value is set to 300 authentication sessions per a `RootAuthenticationSession`. When this limit is reached the oldest authentication session will be removed after a new authentication session request.

Reviewer: Change "There's" to "There is"
Add "The" before "Maximum"
Add a comma after "When this limit is reached"
